LICENSE AGREEMENT

This License Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between you and Tecorama LLC ("Tecorama"). By installing the
Software (as defined below), you agree to all of the terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree with all of the terms
of this Agreement, you must not install, access, or otherwise use the Software.

1. Software Definition

The Software covered by this Agreement constitutes the Roundcube Plus Outlook+ skin (outlook_plus) created and released
by Tecorama, including any source code and any associated media, printed materials and electronic documentation provided
by Tecorama. However, certain components of the Software, including but not limited to third-party integrations, and
media, may be subject to separate licenses provided by the respective third-party licensors. You are responsible for
ensuring your compliance with the applicable third-party license terms.

2. Terms of Use

The Software is distributed under a commercial license. In order to use the Software, you must first purchase the
license from Tecorama. Purchasing the license grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to install
and use the Software in accordance with this Agreement and the specifications of the license.

2.a. License Duration and Renewal

The license granted under this Agreement is valid for a period of one (1) year from the date of purchase. To maintain an
active license and continue using the Software, you must renew your license prior or on the expiration of the current
term. Tecorama reserves the right to adjust the renewal fees at its discretion. Failure to renew the license will result
in the termination of the license and right to use the Software.

3. Intellectual Property Rights

The Software is licensed, not sold. Tecorama retains all rights, title, and interest, including all intellectual
property rights, in and to the Software. You acknowledge that no title or ownership to the Software is transferred to
you under this Agreement.

4. Software Modification

You are allowed to modify or adapt the Software for use in accordance with the specifications of the license you
purchased, except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law. You may not distribute the modified versions of
the Software. If the Software is modified, Tecorama is not obligated to, provide updates or support for the Software.
Tecorama will not provide any technical support for altered versions of the Software.

5. Support and Updates

Tecorama may, but is not obligated to, provide updates or support for the Software. If support is provided, it will be
subject to Tecoramaâ€™s support policies in effect at the time. This Agreement does not entitle you to any future updates
or upgrades to the Software unless such updates are expressly provided with the license purchased.

6. Resale

You are not allowed to resell, lease, sub-license, or otherwise transfer rights to the Software without obtaining
prior written permission from Tecorama.

7. Warranty Disclaimer

The Software is provided "AS IS" without any warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Tecorama does not warrant
that the Software will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Software is free of
viruses or other harmful components.

You agree to use the Software in compliance with all applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. Tecorama
makes no representation regarding the Software's compliance with any specific data protection or privacy laws, and you
are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Software complies with such laws.

8. Compliance with Laws

You agree to comply with all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations in connection
with your use of the Software.

9. Anonymous Statistics

The Software gathers general settings for the purpose of statistical analysis and improvement. This data includes
aggregated, non-personal information such as the selected skin, language, country, version of Roundcube, PHP,
xFramework, server operating system name, active plugins. Additionally, the software gathers hashed identifiers,
including the Roundcube user ID and username. No personal or identifiable information is stored. This process is
seamless, does not affect performance, and remains fully anonymous. For more information, please refer to our Privacy
Policy.

10. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Tecorama and its officers, directors, employees, and agents from and
against any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out
of or related to your use of the Software, any violation of this Agreement, or any violation of applicable laws or
regulations.

11. Termination

You may terminate the Agreement at any time by uninstalling and discontinuing the usage of the Software.

Tecorama may terminate the Agreement at any time if you are in breach of any of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. Upon termination, you must immediately uninstall and discontinue all use of the Software. The Agreement will
also automatically terminate at the end of the one (1) year license period unless you renew your license for an
additional term.

12. Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, U.S.A.,
without regard to its conflict of law principles. You agree that any legal action or proceeding arising under this
Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the courts located in Florida, and you consent to the jurisdiction of such
courts.